Announcement for 1.4. (#5596)
istio/istio.io: content/en/news/2019/announcing-1.4/_index.md

We are pleased to announce the release of Istio 1.4!

> Version 1.4 continues our efforts at improving the user experience in Istio,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Istio 1.4 continues our efforts at improving the Istio user experience,
```

Author: done

with a focus on simplification. We've also continued to add features that
improve the performance and experience of running Istio.

## Mixer-less telemetry
Our implementation of telemetry without Mixer will simplify installation and

> operation of meshes, all while vastly improving performance. The in-proxy

Reviewer 2: Do we want to be adding links to docs for these things so folks can get more details on these? Not sure if we prefer to just keep this high level and have the release notes handle that.

Author: We didn't last time -- I just followed the convention set there. General descriptions (without links) of highlights at the top, followed by release notes with links.

generation of HTTP metrics has graduated from experimental to alpha. Users
are very excited about this improvement and we are working hard to get it
ready. We've also added new experimental features that don't require Mixer:
TCP metrics and Stackdriver metrics.

## Improved troubleshooting

> The `istioctl analyze` command continues to get new functionality for

Reviewer: This is a new feature for 1.4.
```suggestion
We're introducing the [`istioctl analyze`](/docs/ops/diagnostic-tools/istioctl-analyze/) command to
```

Author: done. for some reason I thought it was in 1.3. Thanks.

> improved troubleshooting of your service mesh. Check for problems with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
improve troubleshooting of your mesh. Check for problems with
```

Author: done

configuration in your mesh, and even validate new configuration prior to
submitting it to the mesh.

## Better sidecar
We've been doing tons of work to improve Envoy, its feature set, and the
epxerience of using it. Envoy now exits more gracefully on crashes, supports
more metrics, and can mirror traffic to a percentage of traffic. It reports
the direction of traffic and has better configurability for stat patterns.

> Finally, there is a new experimental command that can tell you when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, there is a new [experimental command](/docs/reference/commands/istioctl/#istioctl-experimental-wait) that can tell you when
```

Author: done

> has been pushed to all proxies in the mesh.

Reviewer 2: ```
config has been pushed to all proxies in the mesh.
```

Author: done

## Other enhancements
- Citadel will now periodically check for and rotate expired root certificates
- We've added support for OpenAPI v3 schema validation
- Experimental multi-cluster setup has been added to `istioctl`
- We simplified installation by removing the `proxy_init` Docker image

As always, there is a lot happening in the
[Community Meeting](https://github.com/istio/community#community-meeting);
join us every other Thursday at 11 AM Pacific.

We were very proud to be called out as one of the 
[fastest growing](https://octoverse.github.com/#top-and-trending-projects)
open source projects in all of Github. Want to get involved? Join one of our
[Working Groups](https://github.com/istio/community/blob/master/WORKING-GROUPS.md)
and help us make Istio even better.

To join the conversation, go to [discuss.istio.io](https://discuss.istio.io),
log in with your GitHub credentials and join us!

> {{< relnote >}}

Reviewer: This needs to go at the top of the file, right after the first paragraph. This is the trigger to render the buttons in the UI.

Author: done (and thanks for the lint errors -- still trying to get make serve work on my chromebook
